docs/introduction.rst, before:

Introduction
============

*fluff* is a software package that allows for simple exploration, 
clustering and visualization of high-throughput sequencing experiments. 
The package contains three command-line tools to generate publication-quality figures:

- *heatmap*: clustering and visualization in a heatmap
- *bandplot*: visualization of average profiles of clustered data in small multiples 
- *profile*: creating genome browser-like genomic profiles


.. image:: img/main.png


Quick Installation
------------------

The most straightforward way to install fluff is with conda_
using the bioconda_ channel:

::

    $ conda install biofluff -c bioconda

.. _conda: https://docs.continuum.io/anaconda
.. _bioconda: https://bioconda.github.io/

Quick Usage
-----------

See the quick examples in the `Usage section
<http://fluff.readthedocs.org/en/latest/usage.html>`_.

Reference
---------

If you find fluff useful, please cite the bioRxiv preprint: 

Georgiou G and van Heeringen SJ. 2016. fluff: exploratory analysis and visualization of high-throughput sequencing data. bioRxiv `doi: 10.1101/045526
<http://dx.doi.org/10.1101/045526>`_.

Commit message:

added reference-based and Python version

docs/introduction.rst, after:

Introduction
============

*fluff* is a software package that allows for simple exploration, 
clustering and visualization of high-throughput sequencing experiments mapped to a reference genome. 
The package contains three command-line tools to generate publication-quality figures:

- *heatmap*: clustering and visualization in a heatmap
- *bandplot*: visualization of average profiles of clustered data in small multiples 
- *profile*: creating genome browser-like genomic profiles


.. image:: img/main.png


Quick Installation
------------------

The most straightforward way to install fluff is with conda_
using the bioconda_ channel (Python 2.7 only):

::

    $ conda install biofluff -c bioconda

.. _conda: https://docs.continuum.io/anaconda
.. _bioconda: https://bioconda.github.io/

Quick Usage
-----------

See the quick examples in the `Usage section
<http://fluff.readthedocs.org/en/latest/usage.html>`_.

Reference
---------

If you find fluff useful, please cite the bioRxiv preprint: 

Georgiou G and van Heeringen SJ. 2016. fluff: exploratory analysis and visualization of high-throughput sequencing data. bioRxiv `doi: 10.1101/045526
<http://dx.doi.org/10.1101/045526>`_.
